wxCL 1.1.1
----------
To see the instructions on how to use this library, look at the
`index.html` file in the doc folder.

I wasn't able to make much headway into generating the html
documentaion for wxcl. I could not get jade to compile on my window
box, and it seems albert also had some problems.

But, I am including the xml file which was generated by Albert, if
you have any success in generating the docs, please contact us on the
wxcl mailing list.

Using SVN Code
--------------
If you are using SVN code of wxCL, then you will need to compile wxC on your own. 
And you will also need to have the cvs version of SWIG to generate the cffi 
wrapper files. Once you have installed SWIG, run wx-swig.sh file in the wxCL repository,
it will generate all the wrapper files in the correct location.

Change the value of the constant `+library-name+' in the file src/defpackage.lisp to make
it point to the correct location of the .dll/.so file.

Try out the examples in the examples folder.
Note: You also need to have `asdf' installed, and the cffi and the wxCL package in the correct
place. The wxCL examples try to load cffi and wxCL using asdf commands.

Linux Specific Notes
----------------------
Paul Viney - for compiling wxC, gtkscintilla2 appears to be required on
(Gentoo) linux. It also needed to be available at link-time - installing it later
wasn't enough to solve the problem. I had to delete libwxc.so, run configure again,
and rerun the Makefile.

Clemens Fruhwirth - wxcl does not work with wxGTK in regular setups. That is: it
does only work once, namely with a virgin process image. After the main loop of
wxGTK was entered once, it must be purged from memory and reloaded freshly from 
disk. 

General Notes
--------------
In wxWidgets version 2.4 onwards due to some variable not being properly initialized/cleaned 
up the program may crash when it is run the second time without properly closing the library.
To avoid this wxCL tries to close the library, after it finishes execution.

Changes in this release
-----------------------

Please see the file Changes in the manual for details.

Files
-----

The distribution is available in archive formats appropriate to the
target system. See the download pages for details.

Licence information
-------------------

For licensing information, please see the files:

  preamble.txt
  License
  licendoc.txt
  COPYING
  COPYING.LIB


Although this may seem complex, it is there to allow authors of
proprietary/commercial applications to use wxCL and wxWidgets in addition
to those writing GPL'ed applications. In summary, the licence is
LGPL plus a clause allowing unrestricted distribution of
application binaries. To answer a FAQ, you don't have to
distribute any source if you wish to write commercial
applications using wxWidgets. 

However, if you distribute wxGTK or wxMotif (with Lesstif)
version of your application, don't forget that it is linked
against GTK+ (or Lesstif) which is covered by LGPL *without*
exception notice. Under Linux systems your app is probably linked
against LGPL glibc as well. Please read carefully LGPL, section
6. which describes conditions for distribution of closed source
applications linked against LGPL library. Basically you should
link dynamically and include source code of LGPL libraries with
your product (unless it is already present in user's system -
like glibc usually is). If compiled with --enable-odbc (Unix
only), wxWidgets library will contain iODBC library which is
covered by LGPL.

If you use TIFF image handler, please see src/tiff/COPYRIGHT
for libtiff licence details.

If you use JPEG image handler, documentation for your program
should contain following sentence: "This software is based in
part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group". See
src/jpeg/README for details.

If you use wxRegEx class on a system without native regular
expressions support (i.e. MS Windows), see src/regex/COPYRIGHT
file for Henry Spencer's regular expression library copyright.

If you use wxXML classes or XRC, see src/expat/COPYING for licence details.



http://www.wxcl-project.org

